[Content] The Avgi - Atomic Space Dragonflies, In Space (#9172)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/avgi/map planets.txt

	description "Deep beneath the cloud layer, strong updrafts keep most of the tholins circulating in the atmosphere. It is likely that the planet will be tinged by their color for millions of years to come."
	government Uninhabited

planet Stilacrest
	attributes avgi "aberrant siege" fishing rich religious
	landscape land/myrabella4
	description "This warm world, with its shallow freshwater seas, pleasant weather, and white limestone cliffs would be an ideal vacation world to any human. The mountain-born Avgi, however, were rather discomforted by its relatively flat landscape and sluggish winds, and permanent settlement has been sparse."
	description "The oceans are rich in appetizing sea life, and Stilacrest is home to an abundance of independent fishing boats run by those seeking to build a new life away from the homeworld. The lure of the calm waves and mild weather is said to have attracted a meditative, laid back sort of personality."

> 	spaceport "The largest spaceport is built on the edge of one of the smalller continents, with ample access to the sea. Unlike most Avgi spaceports, the city that grew around it has fairly few skyscrapers or tall buildings, with most structures being short and sprawling."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "The largest spaceport is built on the edge of one of the smaller continents, with ample access to the sea. Unlike most Avgi spaceports, the city that grew around it has fairly few skyscrapers or tall buildings, with most structures being short and sprawling."
```

	government Avgi
	security 0
	shipyard "Avgi Civilian Basics"
	shipyard "Avgi Civilian Advanced"
	outfitter "Avgi Basic Systems"
	outfitter "Avgi Advanced Systems"
	outfitter "Avgi Basic Drives"
	outfitter "Avgi Advanced Drives"
	outfitter "Avgi Basic Combat"
	
planet Cyreal
	attributes avgi "aberrant siege" forest tourism
	landscape land/hills13

> 	description "Cyreal was one of the first extrasolar worlds to be colonized by the Avgi. Like the rest of the nearest worlds, it was settled by numerous waves of slower than light starships. A low gravity moon, it is covered in sharp mountains and tall forests. It was once heavily settled, used as a green space by the miners in the system who grew weary of the confines of their mining vessels."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Near to the Avgi homeworld, Cyreal was one of the first extrasolar worlds to be colonized by the Avgi, and like those around it, it was settled by numerous waves of slower than light starships. Once heavily settled, this low-gravity moon's sharp mountains and tall forests were used as a green space by nearby miners grown weary of the cramped confines of their vessels."
```
cutting down on short sentences & fragments

> 	description "Cyreal was one of the first extrasolar worlds to be colonized by the Avgi, and, like all those near the Avgi homeworld, it was settled by numerous waves of slower than light starships. After a period of widespread scattered settlement, this low-gravity moon's sharp mountains and tall forests became favored for use as a green space by nearby miners grown weary of the cramped confines of their vessels. After the invention of the hyperdrive, with unprecedented waves of immigration arriving every day, conservation laws set aside large swathes of the moon as natural preserves, which concentrated much of the permanent population in a small group of heavily urbanized areas."

Reviewer 3: The original was correct, but imo it didn't flow very well, which was what I was trying to change.

> 	description "While somewhat metal-poor itself, by exploiting the asteroids and other bodies in the Span system, Cyreal developed a robust industrial base that allowed it to weather the economic shock that came with the invention of the hyperdrive relatively easily."

Reviewer 4: Cyreal's description is one line too long.

	spaceport "A large research outpost was once set up on one of the larger islands to study the possibility of terraforming the world and warming its climate, but after the Incursion it has since gone uncrewed. The fueling station still contains a significant amount of stored fuel, however, which can be used by any passing ships to refuel."
	government Uninhabited
	security 0

planet Mabatham
	attributes avgi "aberrant siege" frontier research
	landscape land/sky1
	description "Mabatham teeters on the line between ocean planet and hothouse world. With a surface largely covered with water, broken only by a handful of volcanic islands, its atmosphere is thick and humid, saturated with water vapor that works to trap the heat from its two parent stars. While temperate near the poles, the equator is inhospitably warm, with constant hurricanes dwarfing anything seen on either Earth or Aviskir raging in the tropics."

> 	description "	Despite the constant rains and frequent storms, the planet's bountiful oceanic ecosystem is able to sustain a small community of particularly stuborn Avgi, who managed to eke out a life on a rocky island chain. They refused to be evacuated in the wake of the Incursion, and their outpost remains, weathering the wind and sea."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	Despite the constant rains and frequent storms, the planet's bountiful oceanic ecosystem is able to sustain a small community of particularly stubborn Avgi, who managed to eke out a life on a rocky island chain. They refused to be evacuated in the wake of the Incursion, and their outpost remains, weathering the wind and sea."
```

	government Uninhabited
	security 0

planet Orodens
	attributes moon mining
	landscape land/mountain26
	description "This moon is speculated to have once been much larger, until some event stripped it of its crust and mantle. Now, only the metal rich core remains, serving as an alluring target abundant in heavy metals. More recently, Orodens is thought to have supported a hydrological cycle for a brief period, creating rich veins of precipitated minerals. However, the high surface gravity made it costly to transport material to orbit, where it could be shipped to other system. Before the recent invention of the gravity repulsor, rows of mass drivers fired streams of raw material into orbit, where it would be collected by waiting ships."
	description "This was once the largest single source of fissile elements in Avgi space, but since the Incursion the mass drivers have gone quiet. Automated mining drones continue to watch over the last batch of excavated material."
	government Uninhabited
	security 0

planet Pil
	attributes moon uninhabited
	landscape land/mars1

> 	description "This airless moon is notable only for its rich deposits of light elements such as lithium and phosphorus. Their concentration was high enough to economically justify bringing them up out of the moon's gravity well, instead of simply mining the carbonaceous asteroids present in the system."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Pil is an airless moon notable only for its rich deposits of light elements, such as lithium and phosphorus. Their concentration was high enough to economically justify the Avgi lifting them out of the gravity well of the gas giant Pil orbits, instead of simply mining the carbonaceous asteroids present in the system."
```

	government Uninhabited

planet Alathil
	attributes "gas giant" "requires: gaslining" uninhabited
	landscape land/nasa29
	description "Eons later, Alathil still resonates with the shocks of the supernova that reshaped the Tap system. The entire atmosphere is still in turmoil, with layers of gas upturned upon themselves. These exposed layers are the source of Alathil's vibrant coloring, which is both beautiful and deadly."
	government Uninhabited
	security 0

planet Hespair
	attributes uninhabited
	landscape land/beach18
	description "Hespair was once a life bearing world, but no longer. An unknown event several million years ago thoroughly sterilized the planet down to the last bacterium, and life has not since reemerged."
	description "	However, during their exploration of the planet, the Avgi accidentally, if inevitably, introduced bacteria from their own ships to Hespair's oceans. These motes of life are still sparse, but even if the Avgi refrain from terraforming this world, they will form the seeds of a new biosphere."
	government Uninhabited

planet Delodir
	attributes frozen moon "ice moon" uninhabited
	landscape land/snow29

> 	description "Delodir is proof that life can exist in the most unlikely of places. Despite the moon's lack of sunlight, given that the Jamaga system lacks a proper star entirely, life has managed to thrive at the bottom of Delodir's subsurface oceans, buried deep beneath a thick layer of ice. Energy is trickled into the biosphere from hydrothermal vents, which are in turn powered by tidal heating produced by the gravitational influence of both the brown dwarf and gas giant within the system."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Delodir is proof that life can exist in the most unlikely of places. Due to the fact that the Jamaga system has no proper star, this moon lacks sunlight entirely. Nonetheless, life has managed to thrive at the bottom of Delodir's subsurface oceans, buried deep beneath a thick layer of ice. Energy is trickled into the biosphere from hydrothermal vents, which are in turn powered by tidal heating produced by the gravitational influence of both the brown dwarf and gas giant within the system."
```

> 	description "Delodir is proof that life can exist in the most unlikely of places. Despite the moon's lack of sunlight, given that the Jamaga system has no bright, luminescent star, life has managed to thrive at the bottom of Delodir's subsurface oceans, buried deep beneath a thick layer of ice. Energy is trickled into the biosphere from hydrothermal vents, which are in turn powered by tidal heating produced by the gravitational influence of both the brown dwarf and gas giant within the system."

Reviewer 4: Delodir is in Mote system, not Jamaga.

	government Uninhabited

planet Kapnos
	attributes "gas giant" "requires: gaslining" uninhabited
	landscape land/clouds9

> 	description `Kapnos is the heart of one of the most spectacular sights in the Milky Way. The gas giant is composed of largely molecular oxygen, despite the seeming impossibility of such an occurrence in nature. Its abnormally rapid spin, which causes the planet to bulge wildly at the equator, throws oxygen and water vapor off the top of its atmosphere to to form the famous Gossamer "gas torus," something that has sparked awe in the entire Avgi civilization from the moment of its discovery.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Kapnos is the heart of one of the most spectacular sights in the Milky Way. The gas giant is composed of largely molecular oxygen, despite the seeming impossibility of such an occurrence in nature. Its abnormally rapid spin, which causes the planet to bulge wildly at the equator, throws oxygen and water vapor off the top of its atmosphere to form the famous Gossamer "gas torus," something that has sparked awe in the entire Avgi civilization from the moment of its discovery.`
```

	description "The fact that there is more gas in the torus than one gas giant can account for has not been unnoticed, however, and many among the Avgi believe the entire system to be an artificial construct engineered by the long dead Predecessors."
	government Uninhabited
	security 0

planet Vanikos
	attributes ocean uninhabited
	landscape land/beach18

> 	description "Vanikos is an uninhabited cold watery moon. That is all. WIP"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Vanikos is an uninhabited cold watery moon.  From afar, it apears to be entirely terrain - and green forests at that. However, at a closer look, this is revealed to be nothing more than a mat of phytoplanketen blanketing the planet. This renders the air, the water, and the few extant archipelagos extremely toxic to both humans and avgi."
```

	government Uninhabited

planet "Alonis Observatory"
	attributes avgi research station telescope uninhabited
	landscape land/station56
	description "Decades ago, this large observatory station was constructed in order to peer into the anomalous region known as the Ember Waste. Before the Avgi were able to harden their ships against the prevalent ion storms, this was their only way to extract its secrets. An array of advanced telescopes covering the entire electromagnetic spectrum sits side by side with more exotic equipment, from gravitational wave interferometers to neutrino detectors."

> 	description "After Avgi starships advanced to the point of being able to reliably withstand ion storms, it was trained deeper into the Ember Waste, looking further back in both space and time. It gathered an impressive amount of data before the Incursion forced its abandonment, though fortunately the telescope seems to have been left unscathed."

Reviewer 4: This specifically refers to the part of the Ember Waste near Headwind, yeah? Just to make a note of it.

	description "In orbit, the Avgi left behind a series of satellites to map the surface. The lack of anything in orbit left by the planet's original inhabitants is a reminder of just how old this world is - old enough for even the highest orbits to decay."
	government Uninhabited

planet Silwan
	attributes predecessor forest uninhabited
	landscape land/fog12
	description "Silwan is a wet, misty world shrouded in a permanent blanket of fog, which covers the entire planet year-round. The little light that makes it to the surface reveals a bleak landscape, eroded to a nearly uniform flatness from the eons of constant rains. Only at the equator is the layer of fog burned off by sunlight, feeding humid forests of fern-like trees."

> 	description "Even less evidence of the Predecessors has survived here than usual, thanks to the rains, but this world is one of the few in this region to still host a substantial ecosystem, stubbornly clinging to life. Mossy plantlife and small, lizard-like scavengers are common across the entire planet, while large apex predators thrive deep in the world's oceans."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Even less evidence of the Predecessors has survived here than usual, thanks to the rains, but this world is one of the few in this region to still host a substantial ecosystem, stubbornly clinging to life. Mossy plant life and small, lizard-like scavengers are common across the entire planet, while large apex predators thrive deep in the world's oceans."
```

	description "The station also hosts the Assembly of Consonant Polities, a league of various nations and communities that now serves as the de-facto species wide government."
	spaceport "An extensive set of docks and shipyards makes up the innermost portion of the station's disc, and you can see dozens of ships in various states of completion."
	spaceport "The usual amenities often located around a spaceport fill a dense ring of shops, restaurants, and other services surrounding the spaceport, but many in the Assembly are considering expanding the spaceport outwards at their expense."
	government "Avgi (Consonance)"
	security 0.5
	"required reputation" 10
	shipyard "Avgi Civilian Basics"
	shipyard "Avgi Civilian Advanced"
	shipyard "Avgi Spaceguard Light"
	outfitter "Avgi Basic Systems"
	outfitter "Avgi Advanced Systems"
	outfitter "Avgi Basic Drives"
	outfitter "Avgi Advanced Drives"
	outfitter "Avgi Basic Combat"
	outfitter "Avgi Advanced Combat"

planet "Napigeo Station"
	attributes avgi "avgi diaspora" station military
	landscape land/station50

> 	description "Napigeo Station is a dedicated shipyard, with dozens of modular drydocks capable of quickly building and repairing ships. Overall, more than two thirds of the large warships in service of the Twilight Guard are built here, though efforts are being made to decentralize warship production for the sake of survivability."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Napigeo Station is a dedicated shipyard, with dozens of modular dry docks capable of quickly building and repairing ships. Overall, more than two thirds of the large warships in service of the Twilight Guard are built here, though efforts are being made to decentralize warship production for the sake of survivability."
```

	government "Avgi (Consonance)"
	"required reputation" 10

planet "Aktina Cylinder"
	attributes avgi "avgi diaspora" station
	landscape land/station52
	description "Aktina Cylinder is an incomplete space station of an enormous scale. Two dozen kilometers in diameter and three times that in length, when complete it will be able to house tens of millions of Avgi in urban conditions. Thousands of cylinders like these were built over the years in the Avgi core systems, but limited resources have constrained the Avgi in the Tangled Shroud to only building one over the last decade."
	description `	With resources constantly being reallocated towards new warships and mining installations, many wonder if the cylinder will ever be completed, which would provide enough space to allow the millions of Avgi in cryogenic storage to be revived. The main habitat body is still open to space, and the only area sealed against vacuum is a relatively small section tucked under what will be the habitat's "floor."`
	government "Avgi (Consonance)"
	"required reputation" 10

planet "Outpost Enka"
	attributes avgi "avgi diaspora" dissonance station asteroid
	landscape land/station27

> 	description "Outpost Enka is a huge station built between two large asteroids, which are steadily being mined for the metals and minerals they contain. Most of the habitat is free standing, mounted on the spar that links both asteroids, but one of them also contains significant numbers of pressurized tunnels filled with farms and large green spaces."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Outpost Enka is a huge station built between two large asteroids, which are steadily being mined for the metals and minerals they contain. Most of the habitat is freestanding, mounted on the spar that links both asteroids, but one of them also contains significant numbers of pressurized tunnels filled with farms and large green spaces."
```

	government Uninhabited

planet Gamla
	attributes predecessor moon uninhabited
	landscape land/desert19
	description `Unlike as with most fictional portrayals of precursor species, the previous inhabitants of this dry, salty moon did not leave behind any ancient technological ruins or monolithic stone constructs. Instead, the evidence of their past existence is in the form of tapped mineral veins, concentrations of unmistakably artificial radioisotopes, and a wide belt of orbiting debris degraded to little more than lumps of metal and dust.`
	description `Before they were able to penetrate deeper into the Ember Waste, Gamla was the first evidence the Avgi found of the Predecessors, a species thought to have inhabited the eastern part of their space millions of years ago. While the moon contains no surviving examples of Predecessor technology, it engrossed xenoarcheologists for years.`
	government Uninhabited
	
	
planet Masada
	attributes predecessor uninhabited
	landscape land/canyon18

> 	description `Masada is an old world, one that was dying long before humanity was born. Its tectonic activity ended long ago, and the eons of erosion has worn the surface down to the bedrock. Most of the surface is bone dry, with the only water trapped in a small chain of cold, brackish seas near the equator. Little rain falls outside their drainage basins, but what does fall is bitter and alkaline. The broken remains of what might have once been cities, worn down to little more than circular arrangements of rubble, hints that there is much history here - but no future.`

Reviewer 3: Trying to get rid of 2 uses of `surface` right next to each other.
```suggestion
	description `Masada is an old world, one that was dying long before humanity was born. Its tectonic activity ended long ago, and the eons of erosion has worn the surface down to the bedrock. Most of the planet's exterior is bone dry, with the only water trapped in a small chain of cold, brackish seas near the equator. Little rain falls outside their drainage basins, but what does fall is bitter and alkaline. The broken remains of what might have once been cities, worn down to little more than circular arrangements of rubble, hints that there is much history here - but no future.`
```

	description `Outpost Tekis is a major exporter of titanium and other rare metals, which are otherwise very scarce in the metal-poor Tangled Shroud. A local chapter of the Dissonance movement is openly headquartered there, and is often the public face of negotiations with the Consonance's Assembly.`
	spaceport `The spaceport is somewhat cramped, being mostly intended for the intrasystem ships used in asteroid mining. A flexible docking arm allows larger ships to be moored off the asteroid, but you are able to barely squeeze your ship into the main hangar.`
	government "Avgi (Dissonance)"
	"required reputation" 10
	shipyard "Avgi Civilian Basics"
	shipyard "Avgi Civilian Advanced"
	shipyard "Avgi Dissonance Basics"
	outfitter "Avgi General"
	outfitter "Avgi Specialized"
	outfitter "Avgi Engineering"
	outfitter "Avgi Electronics"
	outfitter "Avgi Superconductors"
	outfitter "Avgi Propulsion"
	outfitter "Avgi Militia Surplus"
	outfitter "Avgi Dissonance Smuggling"

planet "Outpost Leto"
	attributes avgi "avgi diaspora" dissonance station asteroid
	landscape land/station30

> 	description `Outpost Leto is one of the most recent constructions in the Tangled Shroud, built into a Kuiper belt object far from its primary. Large inflated domes, housing those unfortunate enough to be stationed here, dot its icy surface, which is slathered in reddish tholins and chunks of frozen hydrocarbons. It is these very hydrocarbons and organic compounds that Outpost Leto was built to mine, shipping them in bulk to stations in the Outer Limits to support their environmental systems and ecosystems.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `Outpost Leto is one of the most recent constructions in the Tangled Shroud, built into a Kuiper belt object far from its primary. Large inflated domes, housing those unfortunate enough to be stationed here, dot its icy surface slathered in reddish tholins and chunks of frozen hydrocarbons. It is these very hydrocarbons and organic compounds that Outpost Leto was built to mine, shipping them in bulk to stations in the Outer Limits to support their environmental systems and ecosystems.`
```

planet "Antivli Station"
	attributes avgi station uninhabited
	landscape land/station25
	description `Once one of many, this was an enormous synchrotron particle accelerator several kilometers in diameter, dedicated towards the industrial production of large quantities of antimatter. With beamed power provided by the hundreds of solar collection satellites in low orbit around Anax, enough antimatter could be produced each year to supply both Avgi research and industrial efforts.`
	description `Combined, the amat farms around Anax produced several tons of antimatter each year.`
	government Uninhabited

planet Avalet
	attributes "gas giant" "requires: gaslining" uninhabited
	landscape land/clouds01
	description `Avalet is a hot ice giant, similar in size to Neptune but orbiting far closer to Anax. Tidally locked, one face of the gas plant is heated to incandescence while the other experiences temperatures cold enough to freeze the trace water and ammonia out of its mostly hydrogen atmosphere. This drives a cycle of powerful winds that ring the entire planet, producing immense cyclones capable of even pushing some clouds to the edge of space.`

> 	description `The erosion of the solar wind against Avalet produces a bright cometary tail visible from Aviskir, and in multiple Avgi mythologies the planet occupied a role of preeminence: a messenger, or a king, or even a creator. In modern times, the antimatter produced by solar charged particles trapped in Avalet's magnetic field was a significant source of the material until the construction of Antivili station.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `The erosion of the solar wind against Avalet produces a bright cometary tail visible from Aviskir, and in multiple Avgi mythologies the planet occupied a role of preeminence: a messenger, or a king, or even a creator. In modern times, the antimatter produced by solar charged particles trapped in Avalet's magnetic field was a significant source of the material until the construction of Antivili Station.`
```
